**Note: Add emmet language settings in VS code settings for django.
`django-html : html`
This is for giving suggestions.

## Template

Built-in template engine is Django template language(DLT).
We use [Jinja2](https://jinja.palletsprojects.com/en/3.1.x/) templating engine

we create different apps within in a single project. We use start app.

#### Variables
- A variable outputs a value from the context, which is a dict-like object mapping keys to values.
- Variables are surrounded by `{{` and `}}` like this:
	`My first name is {{ first_name }}. My last name is {{ last_name }}.`

	With a context of `{'first_name': 'John', 'last_name': 'Doe'}`, this template renders to:
	`My first name is John. My last name is Doe.`

#### Tags
- provides arbitrary logic in the rendering process
- Tags are surrounded by `{%` and `%}` like this:
	`{% csrf_token %}`
- Tags with arguments 
	`{% cycle 'odd' 'even' %}`
- Tags with beginning and ending tags:
	`{% if user.is_authenticated %}Hello, {{ user.username }}.{% endif %}`


Django recursively searches templates folders within apps and then at root level

## Creating app

`python manage.py startapp chai`

after creating app,
```sh
$ tree chai
chai
├── __init__.py
├── admin.py
├── apps.py
├── migrations
│   └── __init__.py
├── models.py
├── tests.py
└── views.py

1 directory, 7 files
```

after creating an app, we need to update `settings.py` apps section.

We can keep the templates with the app or at root level templates folder.

create `templates/chai/all_chai.html`
create `views.py` in chai app folder.
create `urls.py` in chai app folder.

update root level `urls.py` to point route chai routes.